#EXTM3U
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 71 Tv
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWFZLeFdTNWNuZFoxVWFsTkRUSFpsZXJ4V000NDJUNEkzYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Asian Tv
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSM013WkhkSE4zTWpwVWNtOVdNbEp6THhKRWVsbFhNeDFtYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ATN Bangla
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM2JFeDJMdXRHZGFGR2JITlRNNGsxUXB0R1U2SmxaU2hIYUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ATN News
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSE1wbDJMeEZrZE9KRGI1dGtZemtqY3hoRlRyWmxSNlpIYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Boishakhi TV
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSblI0a0hUVFJ6TDZsVWQxTkdkMFptWnJSR2NEQkRWdHQyVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Bangla Vision
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSSGJDZG5XangyUU9oMmQ0b0ZTcWx6ZDZKblZySUdUcklYU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Channel 24
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSSGR4NG1XNGxWVW9WbGV2b1dhR1pHVjVGbFREZEVhbjlXU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Channel 9
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSWGJFeDJTcWRXZWhKbGJKZEZacXBWY3B0eVFaUlVkeTVXT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Colors Bangla
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSSFRLaDJhTTEyUVV0a2FxaHpWT05UT3dGMlZ2Z0VhNGdYUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Deepto TV
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM1lQSlhkU2xuWWF4a2RoWm1VM3RHWnBSVFJsaEhPeGtXYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Desh Tv
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSblRLNVdRdjhrTk9WM1pvQkRVMllIYTBGSGV4cDNNeXhHUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Sab
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM1VyVVhXclozVHJnRmU1SlhaR1ZqV3FWVk5wWmxWbUYzUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Discovery Channel
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbk02bEdNMFVVU3ZzbWVuQjNSNE1qTnlaRWVFdHlhaGhtYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ekushey Tv
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSFVpWjNMMFlGUzVzVWNoUm5ZNmxYUXp4R1ZZRkZPRDUyUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Gaan Bangla
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSWE55TlhXWEZsYjN0a2FWSjBaS0JsVzZSbFN4NVdNR0puZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Gazi
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSblVvTjNNbEprU1FWemFIOVVVR3BFUzNGelJhWmtkcTFXVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HBO
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSbmJIUlhWRVZHTkkxa2FObEdjUHhrUXZkemRCUlRZTGhXZUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", History 18
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSM2QxUVhibFp6ZEpWRmVGeG1OeElsWXJ4MlMwZ0ZlWWxHT0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Jalsha Movies
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSbmVEMUdhUmgyYzFJemFFRnpWSUpEVHBCRk1OTldNeFFIVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Jamuna Tv
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSM1ZUTm5jSUpuVVM1RWVxdEdUTWhqTXBOMWFYbFhSR2RYVG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Masranga
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM2FuVjNiMUJYU3owV2JpaGxicU5uWXY1MlZKdDJhTlZIWjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MN
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1p6UjNLRGwzTEx0V2FsMVdRVEZuVnBGVlZ3VldOdVIzTFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Channel I
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSM1lJWm5OdjQwZHQ5bWRWOUdNRXAzWm9KMk52Y3pSMm9XUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sangeet Bangla
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM2RuaDNjc2xsWnhSM2JFQkhkSVozS3pkRWEwVkZkNVpYZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Duronto
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSM2RYNVdkdkZYUTNGR2NYQkhOaTVrVXBWVWJMTm5ZQ2xYY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", DBC News
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSM0w1UjNibzlVY2taVmQwZERSMmNGT3BwMGQyRkZVNXcyY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MyTv
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSWFcyOG1RWGx6TUJGRWJ2a1dleDVVYXZwblNOTlZReGczWjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Independent
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSWGEyazNaVmhHUlA5R2FZZHpjM2xWV29OR09obEZNd2RYUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Atn Music
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWFRoNUdVcU5UU0hOSGEwZ25ZdjlTVXY5eVJaVnpkSVZYWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", RTV Music
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSSE1MbFhRcHR5ZDF3bWJtRldTMUpUWXpWV1V5WTJNUE5uYkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Fox
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSblVTVm5aeUVsZHZKelp4QVhhVFpEVjBsa01oVm1lTjVXU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Aljazeera
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSWFVZTlhUTXhXZUVwbWNyMDJkdk0xVHVwSGVacDNjdGhIYTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MNX
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSSE9RNUdUQ1ZtZUM5Q2JUOWtZb3AwVDRKR055VldhRGxXUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Nagorik
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSbllqbDJaMklqVnJwR2VqcFhPRVoyVXloVGFhaFVkWmRXTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", NDTV
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWFFWMW1lRFp6TVpobmJWNUdjS05uUTZSRlQzUjJiWDEyVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", News 24
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM2FyVjNVYXBGY3hGRGVVdDJWbGRtTTRwRU9wTjFSVTFHVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", NTv
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWGJHbDJZMWMwVEJCRmIxZ1dRc1IyU3A1VVEzOTJiMG8zTEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", RN
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM1RCaDJSazVFZXJnbWFUcFhUcnRpWnJWVld2WUVPdVYzTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", RTv
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSFVpZDNjd0VuYm5kMloxTVRNUGxqVDRkektCbG1UMG8zVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", SATV
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSM0tWbG5haUZrZEx0U2V3QmxiWVJtWm5oaldPdFdhclFYWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Skynews
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSbmNUMTJNS1ZETUZKR2J2UWtTRDVrWTJsR00wOEVVeUIzUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Somoy
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSSFNVbG5OeXRDYjJNVWNqTnpLT05YVnBSbVd1cFZVdTVXVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Aath
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSSGIxdEdjaFIyVnh0aWVxRm1OS3RXUndOMWFtOVNRbUYzYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Max
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSWGRhVlhhTEZXUUJoMFprWlhOMlpVTTFORlZPSlhXSlZIWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony MAX HD
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSSGFHeDJRRk5qTW5oR2R5VTBZUHRFZW5GalMwUVhkMGxHYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Max 2
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSM1RHQlhkeGdEZW8xa2FxTmxUdnhHZW50eUxRSm1NRWxYUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Pix
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSbmM0OW1NVnBuTXJKVmNPVjBMMVpuUTRwbk1MOW1RdmMzVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Sports 1
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1UxOTJRcXRHWndRRGN3TlVWVk5uVnJORlR4RlVSSXhHZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Sports 2
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSWGNTbG1SMUIxWjR0aWRoUnpSNU1VYjJwRWF6SW1WUEYzWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Sports Select 1
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1ZCeEdjd0ZsZDJZRmN2UmtabVZGTTY5V2FXRmxUelZYZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Sports Select 2
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSFNsaFhiUlZWTkZOR2FDRkVidE5VWnlGMFYycDJWemwzYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Ten 1
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbll3Y1dRdFJtTjFkM2Izd2taTEowVnhoWGVNdEVaemQyWVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Ten 2
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWE0wdzJTRWhtVnlSa2VvSm5TdnNDZW9selNGRjNaalYzTlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Ten 3
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSSFIwOFdjMVVXYU5KM1pxcFdXdklVUzVsVWVQRkZPNUozYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Six
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbld5ZFhhejlFVXd4VWMwQkZabGRGVnFsMVl5cFVhTTlXUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ptv Sports
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSSE8zUVhaM05XTU9oVmJpNTJTQlYyVHRSRVpya0dUNVYzUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sky Sports Cricket
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSE9vWkhUa3RVVzJCVmRCRm1kQ0ZtZDU5a01PaEhWaWxHVzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sky Football
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSblVNRjNVRGxrUXBobWRrTkdjWDlDYzVSblVKTmpSS3BIWjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Jalsha HD
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM1NIaDJWVWQyYzFObWVUOUdPcmxHTnFGRE1WMVdhaWxIVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Jalsha
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSSFpNcDNMamhrVkhSMGRyQlRVcWxYVXRoa2RLOVdjbTVtYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Vh1 It
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSM2RzMW1iR2QwYXdVSGU1WmxWVHhXWnRkME0ySlhOVEIzVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Action
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSWGREaG1TRnQyTHcwRWNobEZWWFJITXBWR1Mxb2tSNWczTm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Anmol
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSSFpUQlhRck56TjV4bWUwZ21hQzkwWjFGV2NaZG5kM2NuVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Bangla
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSblFKMTJaS2RXUjB4V2N5dDBZeGswUm5kRWJsUlViWGRtUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Bangla HD
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWGF6TjNjQ1JWVzJOV2E0Rm5TUVIwVnYxVWI0TVRleXRHT1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Cinema
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSM2FQcEdiMEJqYTVVV2N0TlhNSU5tWTN4MmJIRkRjbWRtTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Cinema HD
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWFcwVkhUekZYVEs5bWEzWkhhdU5tUnlsM01XbGtlM05uYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee ClassIc
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSM0xYTlhSYVoyTEM1a2FvWlRjNlYwTXJOMlE0VVhNeGNHVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Tv
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSWFIyTjNjSmgxWXBWMWNCWmpST3BGYzR0bVQwTmxNMkJIUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee TV HD
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWFRydFdNRGhVYzBFVmExQlZlcFozYnhOMEx3TlZhMHNHV24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", abc News
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSWGVsZDNkTnRTVERORWNpSmtVNnhXUjA1V1l5bEhTVzVtYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Abp Ananda
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSSGIyY1hTbk5XVU14bWNIbEVPNVpVYnhsM2FRTjNadzkyVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Box Hits
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM2E0bG1kT05tV25wSGNaOUViRmxGZDJwWGVJRjNVaUJYUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cartoon Network
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWE1ETlhOWWhrVU5OSGRLZG1TdUZYVnd4MGF2UW1WdU5uVDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Kids Channel
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSM0xrOVdPMHNFYUJSa2JCcGtWc3BWY3paSE9wTkZNSUpYUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", News 18
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSblFrWlhTWTVrU0hObmIzZDNNUHBuV3VkM1I1UWxObHQyS1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", RetroTv
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSbk1VbFdWTFZuUUNWa2VVZFVkRFIzTXJWSFR2VjJjU2xtVG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", &Flix
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSSGMwUlhOSmhYZXZFVmJVVm5lMmdWYzFoWFJ3VTBkNE5YYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", &Tv
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSbllFNVdNazFFWjBSMWN3SjNjTHhtUnE1R2RyaEhTNXRHVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Cafe
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWFJyVW5SWlJqTm1WMWFOTjJkd0JITzRWVFpLZDJNemtIVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", &Pictures
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSSFY2TlhVME1sTjVKbmRGVjJVd3NTZXpoa040UW5hSjUyVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Paramount Comedy (dual audio)
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSFRyMW1lcFJUWVUxV2QyNWtZcVYwYzJoVVVRWm5lUXBITkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", & Prive HD
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSblR5c1djeHBtTnJFbmRvdGlOTjlVTXlOMWR6ODJad2QzZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Fox Movies
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSblFSeEdPcWxVUW9KR2JzVnpaeEZrUjZKbU1IbERTbHBuYVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ten Sports
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSM1J6b21NeVVqVjRkMmJ3TlRNTWhUYnJGbmRwVjJkcU4zUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Barca Tv
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSFpGdDJZTkJIYUhsSGRadHlOMXNTYzJKRGE1Wm5WQnQyVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Real Madrid
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSM2EyWTNORmgxWk5CRGRpbDJRUmRYZHhsalMyWVVZamRuV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", AMC
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSbmMxQVhiVE5WWUtwSGN3OW1VaFJ6UXl4V2Q1Y0RTM01YTzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BBC News
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSSFRZZG1RaHRTYXZsbWRLTjJTeW9rTm90a1l2NVVSNDkyUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", D Sports
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWFI1TkhUakZrVzBwbmIwRUZXdFpYZTRsbGMxZzBkM1VIUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Discovery Showcase
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSSE5wMTJaekV6TXJwSGNaVkVUUkZqUTI5V1R5RkhjNWQyVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Discovery Asia
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSbmFrdEdhUEJEZDF0aWN2VUVjMWMxVDVoamJMZEdOckFuVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Dubai One
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSSFdVZG5kQlpUWnFWVWJ3c2tkRGhGY3FwVWJWMUdhT3QyUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FX
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSSFZ3eG1VcmxtYndZRmVYOVdNTmhYVXNGbFJ0Rm5kUnBHTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Fox Life
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSWFYzMTJMSmRtVHZGbmVucDBaa3hXUXBoMWJzQlhZaUpYYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HBO Hits
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWFlEbDNjNFZHYzJZMGI0WTFMSXRTUjZsVVZOUkRPTjFtUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HBO US
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM04yWkhWSnAwYlpGM1pQOWlkWEYzWXhKM1J6bFhkU1pYYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Starz
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSWGRSaG5NemR6TmtSa2JqMUVldVJ6YXpKMlF6TTFZaFpIVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HBO Home (Dual audio)
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWGVLbG5ScmRYUWtWVGJTVlhTdUJWZDBaelF6bGpXQ2hXTW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MTV
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSblIzWTNZUVJrZEVGMWFqaGtjcjRHVDZOamN2VUdWSzVXV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Boomerang
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSbk1UNTJiWGhIVzVSRmVrWjJOTWhHYXN4MFNLRkdTYU5uZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", beIN Sports 1
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbk1LbFhiNDVVT1BoRGVPbDNRc0pFUnRaWFFLcDJReW9HY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", beIN Sports 2
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSbmRCaDNkSU5rUjBBbmV5VkhVaUZXYXFSVmMwRlhhTGhHTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", beIN Sports 3
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWGQ0Qm5RcHRVWTRKV2J4OEVhaUIxTHdkSFN1cG5jSWhXYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cinema World (Dual audio)
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSbk5FRm5aVGhYTXJVVWVaUjNkYWwyUXkxMlFUWkhNeHhXUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MTV Rocks
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSE1wTlhZNlZVZXpWV2RXSmthaEZqYnJKbU13RVhlSDVtWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", AXN
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSM2RxUjNUczlpUU14V2VURjBNckZ6VTFoaldCNWtWTGRtVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Blue Ant Entertainment
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSbmR0aEhhWGREY3lGVWRwSkVhcVowZDJkVWFhUkRWNkZIVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Discovery Science
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSM0tXTjNTTkZuVUY1RWNrZERTMkoyU29WRGVpNWtNMGsyTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Food
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWGQxNW1WSUJWWVJ4V2RLZEZXendtUnVobFRLaFhWbzFXVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Hindi Movies
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSM05taFdjSWRWUk5kMmREUm1ZMHdHVzVOa1Z0MUdObEpYZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Hits
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSWFRzMW1XbkpEVHZNVmF4UjNZbDlTUzVkV1NEbGpZSmhYTzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Movie Universe
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSM1FZUkhlcmNtZFlkelp4Sm1kcVYwYTBSalZRUkVjM3BuYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MBC Bollywood
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSbmI1Rm5TWmhYVHdwSGU1OENTMGxYT3ZCM0t1UnpUdTlXY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", B4U Movies
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSbk15TVhiTmRXWVFORWFQTlhZM2tFVnZWRE02OXliR1IzUW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Blue Ant Extreme
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1JwdG1aQlJIUnZSRGR2c1Nld1FXVnI1bVN2aDNOSTFtVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Music India
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSSGN2cDNWUlJqTmpSbGJaOVNackVUU3BsV05WaEZNeGtHVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Mastiii
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSSFNIbEdXVDVVYjBFbmR3WlhTdEJGY3haVGJrTnpaRzUyTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Jhanjar Music
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSbmF2NTJaM2wwU0gxMGRxSkhkMUVIUnBSVFp4NEdVNGdXVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Mtv Beats HD
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM1VSQkhONGRqYndGRWRXMVVheEJUUjFSVVFSSlVicHBtWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Animal Planet
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWFYzbFdVeU4zYTNrSGMxUmthRU5YWTRKWE1UcDJhcllYY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", B4U Plus
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWE5yQUhUa0YxWVd4MGIyTmxiVk5tVjJObVNLQlZjdWQyYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CNN
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSWGNQRkhPdmdGTVdsbWJvOUdOcU4zYnlCM2RQOWlTNmhYYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Colors
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSSFNKVjNUNGczWjZwR2NvSjBhTmx6WnlOR1ZqMVVPcmQyTlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Club MTV
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSWGJDaG1ibEp6TlFoRmMwVVZTM1VWVnNOM053dFdlMFozU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSblY2aG1icmRXVmlOa2RaVjBjM01rUTZwbFpGTm1VSmxHYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony HD
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSM0swZzJMVmRYVXhGemF6Um1kUmxUV3J4V05zWjJNaXBtZTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Gold
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWE56NG1VSFJqWUhGVmRaTjNRc2hVWXJwMk41Qm5lT0IzUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Gold 2
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSSFd5OTJUb1pHZHpZVmRUcEhPQlozWnFOSE02SkRSTUZYU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Gold Select HD
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSM1QxRW5jdk0wY0VWamMwc1NSYUoxU3dKRWFUVldVM0luVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Plus
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSWFREdFdXVVpUYXljV2JKSkhacnBHV3FwMGNXaEVTV0ZIYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", UTV Movies
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM0xWeEdTSWRHVXdRRWMxVW5XbVpGV3RWekxJSnpMMmgyUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", The Q
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSM1EwVkhSUEpuV0gxRWU1TkdPeGtVYm9GMEtqRlZURXhtWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Thrill
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWE1vbFhXRGwyVTRVMWJXcEVVMGdXVDVSMkswWURleXRtU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", VIVA
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1pEUjNZWEozVTBaMWNFZG1WQ1ZqTTJKekx5SjBaT2hXVzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Warner
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM1NQVjNkNXRtV21WRGJZbDNNakpIZXpKbVJrMUdlcVpYWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", True sports 1 Premeire
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSM1lpOW1kSFp6YWlaVWJETjFhUnRVVXhKa1QyZ0dVNjVXZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", B4U Music
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSbmE1aG1XbTVXV0ZwRWNLQm5jR2RuUnZOek41Qkhkd1luVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BBC Two
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWFQ1VUhNMmNYUTBWRmUzTnpVbWRVVHhGV2R1cG1iMW9HWlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", beIN Sports 11
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSSGEybG5aa2RYZTFObGFqWm5ZbEpUUnBCRk14bG5NeEZIUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CI
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSblYwd21iaTFXZDRGMWNxcFZkak56U3hGMU15SW5OM2xYWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Disney Channel
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSbldEQlhNU2xqV1RGemR4bFRUM28yTHo5aU4yaG1VREZITVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Disney Junior
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSSGF5bFhlVlpFYmlsMmFLMW1hUHBuWnY5MmJaVnpaMTVXTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Doma
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSM1RKeEdVR0pUTUlkMWR3czBZVEJEVDRwbE1VaFhkRk5uWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FC Bayern Tv
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSSFQwWUhjdGRuVDJnVWFrQkhWNlJWWnE1VVJHaGpheVJIYkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ID
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSWFZVOVdZRWRrVTVzU2VHeEdhMkprU3dGMmN3WW1jVDFHVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Mtv Hits
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSbk56QUhVMklWVW41R2J4Sm5ZS0owVnpaV1VtdDJhNTFXVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Nick
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM05RZG1XUWh6TTBVM2EwSUVhUkZuZXpWa05aWm1kdmsyY0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Family
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWFN5c1dRMkFGYXpKbWV3UW1aT0pUUXRGSFVyRm1kMzVHVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MBC2
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSSE1JeG1TTnhtVkdKa2ExMGtRbVpEU3UxMFIxeGtkdmQyZEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MBC Action
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSM1l3WkhWNGdIYlFkemFxNWtVelpXTXM5RU93b0VkbjEyVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MBC Max
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM2R6UUhiV3BHT3VKSGNJWnpRRHBuWTNwMFNqSjJTNGttVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Movies
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSbll5TjNiWk4zYkRoRmRXSnpZcnBuUTVORFR1SlVSNjVHTzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cinemax
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWGQ0Z21kMFJIZWFOV2NNZFRWbFowYm5WMFoyOEVldmhuTlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Paramount Channel (Dual audio)
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSbll2OFdOYU5HTUJWWGVLZFhNU1ZFUjJGbk16Y21Ud3RHVzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Comedy Central
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSSFNwQlhjeTVVWXdKVmFoRmpSNFZHU3NwSE5SQjFMdmNYV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Colors Cineplex
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSbmJyNTJhSGhEVHpFWGVQQlZlR3BIUnVWa1puaEhUMXdHVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Colors Rishtey
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSSGE0a25jTEpUWkpCbGVuRmxRVU5XV3RCemF4ZDFRNWRHTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", SyFy
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSE4zcFhlMGdtVENOMWEyaGpWd1EzUjJsM0tZbG1aSTFXTzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TVCine Top
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSWE8zcDNMcnRFVG1SRGUwVW1Ta05EYzVKekxXNUVTTXBHTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TV1000 (Dual audio)
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSbmRTNUdjTGxqUVBWVmFIaFhhMVpqWXZGbGF3azFWamRuV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TV1000 Action (Dual audio)
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSWE9CcEhaUVZGZDBnMWR4UmxWa0ozYXZoRmVYTkZPbGxHYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", H2
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWGVFdDJTTEZIZXhVRGJaVjJjUXQyWjVOamJ2VWthQ2hITTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BollyWood Hd
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSWFp4ZFhSeFYxYTZoRmJDbEdiellEZHJWbFJVeDBOMmQyUUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Nat Geo Wild
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSbllzSkhVMEUzYzM4RWNtWjBhRWxrTXExV05CWmpldllIZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", NatGeo People
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSWFJDbFhheGQwS3JZRGFTUmphRjVXTTZOMmFKdDBLekluY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", National Geographic (dual language)
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSblZucFdOeEpWZDVBSGEyRTNVdlpYU3lGVk13VWxhM1ZIV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Nat Geo IN
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSM1NzMW1TdFpEVzFJRWVTSjNOdjAwUjM5R2JvSmpiWFZIVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star World
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSblYxNW1RMTAyY2xobWNMTjNZdWxUZHJwWE5uaHpTNmhHT1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony turbo (Dual Language)
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSGJxaG5WaHR5Y2FGbGVKZHpaNHhtVTBWSFZ6Y0hVa2xtY0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", SONY PAL
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSM05MaDNMRVJsWWFWRmFpSmtVSk5GTng5bVE0SjJaNEYzUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", SONY WAH
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWGMxaEhWRngwUlVaamNycGtkd2dUWnlabWNxbFdaaWxXU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Smile
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSWFo0c0daMlFWTklOMmNwdEdWT1YxS3RGRGN4TTBObEJIZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Sci-Fi (Dual Language)
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM1lzUjNkSWxYYVRWSGR4WUdkS1JYWnFOVlpyc2llMklYUW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony TV International (dual audio)
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSbk40d1diWWxGVElkRmFSQlhkTFoxY29obVYyZ21ZcnhXVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zing
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSM0wzSUhOek0xUUlWbGRTWmpUMFUxVTNOV1RXTkdWVUZIU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zoom
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSWFlPNUdlcFIyUzJzR2EwRkZja3QwU3BCM2J4bzJWeGxITUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BTV
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSbmJ1ZFhVcHR5VWxsbGVSeGtkd1pGV3RKVFJtTjNaNUlYYUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BTV World
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSM1FPcEdiaHAzUWFoRGFsaHpWbDlTUjMxMlN5b25NNW8zUW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Bangla TV
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM1MxUVhWVDlTV0xCVmVEeGtVNFVqVTZaRFIzOWtkdzBXWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Channel 19
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSSE41WkhObzkyWWpkVWJrTkROaXBXYXF0a1JKWkdkWFpIYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Zee Bangla Cinema
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM1RNSm5VbmxXVUVGamQza0dSWEJGTnFwMktQTmxWSTFtUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FYI
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWFV0bG5OVGRVYzJrR2VHUkZleThFY3ZWVU0xWVhhcjlHZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film 4
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWGNtbFhlcUpYUzVnRWM0dENPNkZtY3RSWFZyZDJhMDBtUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Movies
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSWFRDVlhVdkpWU0loVmVUVlRZWGxtZXhCellJTmtVNUIzVjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Movie Box
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM1pGaDNiWmgwYkU1VWVVbDNjMVV6VHU5V1lUZDBUSnBXYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Movie Box Hits
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSE5FWjNkR2QyVjFaamU1WlhaelZYVnJSVVRvOWlhUmRtTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Euronews
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSblFueEdldHBITjZaamNpaHpjMWRGWjJWblZ4dG1SQ3BXTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TV5 Monde Asie
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSM0xObFdVbVoxVUtWbmVKTkdhR3AwTW5kemNtVm5lVGgyS24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CW
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSM1RWRlhRTGRrWUlsVGIwTkdPSVJuTjNSVE9RbDNLMU4zTG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Saudi TV 1
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSSFZRdFdhUUZHYVJaelpQTkdSV0pIZDJkVVlhaG1aanBuTUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Al Arabia
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbmRURkhOVFpEVndSbWR6MG1jbDlDTXUxbVlDcGxXVzVHWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BBC Earth
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSSGF1Rm5kVFpYUnhjMlo1QnpkT2RuZG5oblVFOUNXT2hITlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TLC
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWE9ZZG5ZMUExVXo1V2VSRnpWakJIV25SSGQ0VjJTakZYZTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HGTV
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM1E1TW5idGRHUklobGVteEVUd2NUVDBoa2RubEhSMlVYT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Travel TV
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSbmEwOTJkcXBYU25WR2RQWjJjUVoyVHdGbmFrTlVXMFpuVlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Outdoor Channel
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWFNJWjNVdmtXU0poamRVRmtXVWRIU3BWVFdPSjFhTHQyYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 4K TV Showcase
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSbk5yODJZMVFsZDU5bWRqaFdWMWgwWTNwSFYxOHlVa2hYTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Monarch TV
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSblVIaG5acnNpVXBObWRVRlhPTjVXWXlWbFZyRTJNRWxtYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", People TV
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSbk1wRlhhd1ExTVhOM2E0OHlLdmNsUzZkMGNKRkhVa0ZuWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Living Foodz
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSFJqMVdRQ3BrVTVOa2J6UlRVMHhVUjZkell6OWtVMGdtUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", RT Documentary
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSSFNycDNNR1JtYng5V2UzUjBaWnhHZG9GMGRMQm5UeUVYY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", YTN Science
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSWE90MVdTeE5ITnhJRmV0WjFjdllYVHdGRVpCQmxNS3gyZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", DABL
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbk52cFhPcmxXZWExbWFPSjBSVmRuUXkxV05tUmxVUlpIVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Home&Living
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSSE10aEdlYTl5YzJZVWVsbEZaM3hVWW5kbVVRbDNWMDhtVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Docu Box
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSM1owaFdTdDlHVlNKMmNqeFdPMmtqVjRCbFNIRmpkMjltYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ocean Tv
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhTkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSblkyZ1dlNVpuZHpGVmVWVldkVmxuUTR4a2MzOG1NdkozVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Xcorps
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSSE1MWlhWMFVqYzJGMmRuZEROcTVtZHB0R1dKUjFTYTUyTEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TMZ
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWE9zZG5aeVFUYXBWa2U0cDBUSUpGYnBWV2RaZDJMd0lYVEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", DMAX
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSSE96czJLbWRXT3lSMGRDRmpVV0JGTnNSbGFOTkZPT2RXTTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", NASA TV
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSWGRZOW1ZbjkwUW1aM2RVSjNWNFVYZXpGbmN2RkVjRzkyTG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Saudi Quran
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWE1VVkhPNDlVY3lJamRhZEZVM0ltUTVSR1ZXTlhWdmNtVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Saudi Sunnah
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSSFpsWlhZTWRYZXY1R2JDWjBTTFZtZG9ORldRUjFMNjltZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Iqraa
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSbmFHVkhTeWtsUzExMGNLRkdXUHhFWnVOMVkyY1had3RHVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Iqra Bangla
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSbk01ZEdlbDlTZFdORWVuSjBablZYYzM1Mkw0dENacWRYTlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Azan TV
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSSFY0a25RU04wYXZKVGQxaFRUTUYyUjZaall6OG1jRFJYUjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ITV USA
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM05XaFdlTEZ6ZFJSRGE2MVdhRUIxWnNaVGR4QWxWM0kzYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ATN Islam
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSblY1RW5kbmQzTTRFamFMSnpWekVGYzI1V2JpUmxOV0JYUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ary Q tv
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWGVvOTJTMVZrYUdGMmFwWmpWMHR5UnVCbGQ2Vm5UamwzTm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Islam Channel
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM1ZUeG1ZcnRrZTM1VWQxcEhUWmh6U3c5aWIzY1hkdjlXVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ANIMAX
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSM01QTlhPR1pFTng1MFpGQlhiME4zTHFOM0x4aDNSNFpYVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", AniPlus
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSWFRvcG1Nd00xVlNkMmFaRkRlbFJ6TG5oa1Z2WW1lNEJIYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Euro Sports
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSSFNMZFdjUHBFYlU1bWF5VTFLYWhYZHpkalowaFZaVXgyYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Euro Sports 2
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM0tyY21jbGhUU09WbWFKMW1NUTFHZXpOWGQ1VWtUdllITm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Olympic Channel
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSblV3aDJaMmRqUmkxRWR5RTBLVmhEYm9GVE5QUkdjVjVXV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 9xM
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM2JDcFdTMVIzTE1kamJ6WXpSajltWTNsV09yWUhWckVYYlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 9x Jalwa
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWGFaaEhlalYzY3VOVmFSZDFTNE0wS3h0Q2QzUnpWVDltV24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", The Weather Channel
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM1l6eFdjeloyTVlkVGJyb0dlckpWWnJoWE1VWjNhdEYzVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", India Today
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSSFJyaDJSVVoxWkxwR2RxZFVhWjkwZHdaWGI0RTBSSlpuY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CNBC
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSWFF4Z21SMVIxVVZKMGNXZGpielJWVHZKVVdrSm1UV0ZITlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CGTN
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSM1J6aFhPQlJuTXhzV2NVTkVielJ6UjZOR1pSWlZReGxuUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Filmbox
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSbmMwa1dWMVYwTEtobWJWaDJaUnRrUm5aWFJwSkhaSXgyZEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Premiere
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSSFVHdG1ZT2xuVnJvRWFWcDBhNFpqVTNWRFcxYzBRaWRuUzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Filmbox Plus
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM1ZQVkhVbWh6WURSbmRyZ0hObEpIU3o5Q1R6RlVOb2xuZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Lotus Macau
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSM2E0MG1ZamxrZDBvbGQyMFdNNVkyS3hOelZhcDNLaGhXYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 9XO
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSWFZWaFhZd0UwWnRWRGNaWnpjcUZXYTZGV1lxcEZTc1JuUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Mtv Live
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSSE8xc1dkTjlTWXZvM2QxUWpiTjlFWnZOSGR4STFMV2gzVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sony Yay
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM1VZOW1jd2dITnJvMWMxRmtZRVZFZXlkRVJ6TURjamQyZG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Abu Dhabi Sports 2
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSSE5zRkhVakozUkxSR2FWNUdaQmhHZHZORlJ5RldSNG9IYkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Abu Dhabi Sports 4
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSSGMwb25hNXR5UnpnMGRuUjBWTU5tTW9oM1QzTVRNNFluVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Dubai Racing
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM2JvQkhTMEFUYXRsV2I1WTNRUjEwWno5V1JUZG5jMWRXV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Dubai Sports
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1UweFdZaTlFZHRwR2FOTm5aVmR6ZHZ0MlJ6cG1hU1ozS0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FTV
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSWFRvdEdVd0pIZWpkVmJqUmxVeGxrVHJsVlV6RmtlVEYzVDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", WF
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWE9IQlhSUWRsTjZoa2RIaDJWMGtGTnNabGQ0eDJTaUJuUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HD Fashion & LifeStyle
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSSFMzb1hVRmhtTkY5a2F2ZDNLNnhrTnZoR1ZuUjFMRkpYTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", CGTN Documentary
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSSFRhaDNSdWRVZXF0a2R5SURhaTUyTDFabmJ5ODJjWWxHWjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", French Movies
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM2FxQlhjdmhFT3JsVmM0aDNMdlprZTRKRVowVTFUeVlIY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TV XXI
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSSFIzUW5TbGhXVTRzV2FxRjBiSU5ETXo5MEx1VlZReWMyWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Celestial Movies
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSSGR3Tm5OenRVTTQwR2NLQjFaU0ZsWXZkSFdWVlRaWmRHTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", One Golf
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSblQwcFhZNjlVYzQ0VWNrUmxWR3RTYnVKekwyZG5NQ2RIVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MATCH FUTBOL
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSblZ2OUdhTVJqUTNSV2NwQlhUTjlFVTFwRlZvUm5XNVVuUm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Match sports
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSWFR5a21NcXBtUkt0eWFpTlVNdGhXZDJsMWJ0ZG5ZcWRtWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Sports Asia
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaWxXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVptZTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSM2FhMW1RemNtTTNkRGUxbEVTSmQxUzB0R2RQeDJLMDRHYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", DD Sports
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSSFY0SUhUUE4zWTRNamJyVUZTeloyYjI5MlFyc2tTMXgyWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Motor Sport
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWFdsSm5hT2x6UjNnVmRocGxTMllXVW9CRFV2SkdWNTlXVG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Fight Sports
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSWFpVbEdVc0puTVJ0bWE0WTFNVGRtZHNWVk9KQlRVaUJuWTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Red Bull Tv
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJ4ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSWFFOVlhWajlFZWxSRGV6OXlTelJqVnhWVlF2VUhkWU5uZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Edge Sport
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSM1R3Y1hZRGxWVFJwMGR1WlRSeGxEUzZKMktrQkZUamhYWUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Tennis Channel
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSM0xybG5NWFJIVXFkVGNpeDJhaWhGVHZSbVN0UnpVeU5uZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Fox Sports News
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVsbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSWFRFTkhlbWxXWTVCVmRqOVVNU2xsYzZ0eVNuVkVkT05uUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Arirang
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWE4zZEdkeUJYYm5OamR3RW5RTEIxVHhOMVYyZ0RUanhHYW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cine Film
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSWFpOUm5RMWNWZDNCRGQwSUdXclkzZDFCVE96WVhheUkzTkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", iFILM Persian
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSblc0Y1hVbkYzY1NSbGVqdG1iQ0p6UW9GVlV4ZDNRRFJIT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cbeebies
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSWGVseEdjeGwyZGloVWR4TkVXS2wxY3JCM1EwWW5ia2xIT24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Spacetoon
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM1I0ZDNTVTkyTFpOWGMzUldkaWhVYjNaV2QxWTBRQkYzYm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Sharjah Sport
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSGNFZDJjVkYxVTJ3a2F3bDBSaHhrVTBkVmJoZEZhalozWkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Mohona Tv
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM0wwQVhhbFZVWTBJR2M0VjBOVE56YnBGVGRDSldOazEyY0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ananda Tv
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSbmNZaEdTNFlYVlcxVWRQQmphRnhXWnhsbmJ2MDJaS1JuWTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Bijoy Tv
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSblpHeEdPaFYxU2xGamQ0VTJSdkJITTVGVlF6Y2pSRVJYZEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Colors Infinity
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhQkhWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaXhXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSE9OaEhNcEIxYlNWRGNPRlZRV1YyWnBGbWN6UlVVS1pIVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", K+
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWhYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSSE12MEdhRGhUWTJvWGMxTW1Wd3RTV3JCM05LOTBRMUJIYzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Movies Premium
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVkbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSFZrZEdiTVZsU0VCbmF6TkVOMk1GVzRKMlF0dG1ZSGRtUTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Star Bharat
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSWGQ1NFdWMDEyYjBBSGIybzFLQkpXVjU5MFoxSnpWd2NHV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Hum Sitaray
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM000WlhiTVZUVnhGa2VsUjBab0pUVnROblRXZEZVTkpIVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HUM Masala
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTUxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpHYTJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSSGNQUlhWQkZ6UXBWVGRuWkZjbHRHZXBwMExNSkhVSnAyVVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HUM Tv
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NNFIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSSE9PdG1aTEpYVXlKVGFRTjFVVjFXTTBkbk5qWm5VRDEyVUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Manoranjan Movies
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSSFJxdFdXdE5tVkMxRWN6bEVXQkJWZG5SMlNya21jcDFtZW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MTV India
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSM2JFbDJWV3R5VnBObmF3ODJOTjltWTFCRFJ3MVVaeGMzU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", NHKWorld Japan
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhdEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSbmJ5WlhPMjBXZU5kVmQzY0dTWlYyTHdOM1l1dFVZdDkyVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Voice of America
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXQxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWldkYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSblFwdFdPTGhtTTNNamJ5dGlONXNFWjBoVWFISmxUd2tYT1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", GEO Super
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZObjUwWnVSWFp4aFhkckF6Ym1aVWNvQkRlczVHYXZkblZXMVVXVWxITUIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", TIMES NOW
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSM1E1eEdiRHRHUjFJRmFRVnpOeTRHUnFaVVVacEhSbmxuTVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Bloomberg Asia
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldjYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSM1UxMW1XVlpIYXJWemROTmthT0pUWnpoR09yRTBRNFVuVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", DD Bangla
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSbk1QaG1VeEZrWmFCbGQxSm5WNGQxTDBaRWRyVlZXdm9uVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ruposhi Bangla
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5R2JKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSbmNsSjNVSjlVUnZkbmMwdHlUTWRGVDZObk4wTWthUEozTEIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Geo Kahini
http://?PT1nYnFKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOdzUwWnVSblpTVm5TMlVUYWFkbGVTaGxVeFZrVnZwbmJSWkZlclpYZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BOL Entertainment
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2JKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSSE13eFdZaUZUZUl0a2RNeG1Uc2xHTzRoWFVOSm5jV2gzVkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Public News
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NNlIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSbmFWSm5lU04wS3BKbmFIbFhaVzVHVG5KVWRzUkdUWGgyWW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Geo News
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1iYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSbk55QVhWMk56VEROV2NZRlRSUlZqVDVKV2Mya1djUkZYV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Geo Entertainment
http://?PT1RY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSM1VJeFdUbTlFT085MGN3eG1hWGxFVTBOMGFWSkhjMGhXZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Jalwa
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5MlpKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWldiYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSWFk1c1dPMWRFY3N0bWFFSjFZMFFtWjFoa1JUMWthRmRIUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Express Entertainment
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJyZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpXYzJJRU91WkZOMTUwWnVSM1F4c0dXRnhtVzZKMGRpRnpScUZIUnlWRWF5ZzFWWDEyVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Dunya
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NeFIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5MmRKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSM1MzSVhNRFprUXBsMmN4NEdNclUyWTVoRWVXTkhOeFFYU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", 8X Music
http://?PT1BZHFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWjJjYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXUxbVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSblk1ZDJiazltUjRVSGNzUmxWc3AzSzJwMWJuOUNUd2dHVFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Humraz TV
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSWFRXMVdTenQwY0pkVWVuaFRjWVptVHRwMmJWQjNMdkpuU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", PTV National
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MmJKSkRSSDlHYTMxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSblpHUm5keWQyWXJkMmJaOVVPMk1uYTZGM1J1RjFSRnBHY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", PTV Global
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXkxV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVwbldKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSM0t3UlhPVU5uY25wa2VScFhZemtIWnpKalNKRlRkR3BXTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", ABZY Movies
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXV4bVdKWlRhbVpHYjJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSM05JNTJLeGwxYzFjRGRCcEVVRlozUzJKRlR2c21aMDFXU1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Box Cinema
http://?PT1RYXFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhaEhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYW4xV1NsNTBSaWhXWTBoVlJuWldhYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVobVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOcTUwWnVSSGFhQlhNbVZ6YlRaRWNtSldlVWh6WXRwMmN0SmtObGRITjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", MAHA MOVIE
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXoxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWIxZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSSE5qZEdUd05XWjBjM2R3cFhjemdqU3FGblNhNVdNUUozTjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", PTV World
http://?PT1BYnFKVVp2VW1Nc1IxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSbmN3UlhUd3NTY1g5Q2N5eFVOV2RrZHJkelp0UjBWcngySzMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", itv
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NblIxVlJCMVRhbEhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWIwZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSSFYwY1hXMVptYTV4MFpCTlViemhsY29abWVyWVhZNUVuZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Alif tv
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSM2Q0NVdRbEJEZXRkVWN2OHlNMjhTYjJOemRhWjJWTVpYV1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", itv3
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5bWRKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXV0bVdKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOMDUwWnVSbmI2bEdlTGhVT3VWMVp0dDBiWVZuZHdsMWN6SVViaEZuY1IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", itv4
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NcVIxVlJCMVRhUkhWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXIxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVsbVdKWlRhbVpXYjJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSWE5DZEhTMFZqV3c0MmNySkRPMGhEVXNWVGMxWjJkWUJYU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Aksion
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdiYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXU1bVdKWlRhbVptYjJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSWFp5VUhONkZVUm9sRGVQWkZjWTFVT3BwRlMxUmpSdHBtWlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Autor
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWkdhYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSWFFKQm5OdWxYY2w1VWR5Wm1lTHRVV3FsWFRSVm1jRTVXUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Hits
http://?PT13ZHFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRheEdWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWI0ZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSWE8wcFhOaTlVYnkxa2Q0aFhXNWRVWnNOMFE1aEZWdDlHZDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FILM Komedi
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWJKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWkdkYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSSGFxNUdNeE1GZHVwSGRoVldkRTlHYnlaVWR3QVRVMTQyYjMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", FILM Thriller
http://?PT1BY3FKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5V2NKSkRSSDlHYTExV1NsNTBSaVpYWTBoVlJuWjJaYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSWGEwOUdUdlYzTFlkM2NFbGtjRVZWVjNwVVpPcG1VUlJYU0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Da Vinci
http://?PT1nYXFKVVp2VW1NMlIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5bWFKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaU5YWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJwZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVpXYTJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSM1R0aEdOUGxuTVVkRGJUcFhSMHdVT3BsbFQxZGpWSVJuU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", USA-WWE
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NclIxVlJCMVRhcEhWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYW8xV1NsNTBSaUJYWTBoVlJuWm1lYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZObzUwWnVSM1N1bG1TTGRrU0VwWGQ1cGtSVnBuTm4xbVZoVlVUcEpIUlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", HDL HD (dual language)
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhbEdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaTFXWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWI1ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSWFlWZEdXRmRVT1VwbGR0TmtOVEJ6VHJkRWJ5OENVSWRXVG4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Axn White
http://?PT13YXFKVVp2VW1NcFIxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVSbldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSWFFwWkhXaDVrWjBSWGVFWjJOazEwY24xVVNNSldOUFpuY24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", VIP Megahit HD
http://?PT1BZXFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYXAxV1NsNTBSaVZYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVpHYzJJRU91WkZOcDUwWnVSbmQ0ZzJRMHcyTUw5VWJhWlRPcHBuTTNSa1lWcDNNaEJuV0IxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Alfajer Movies
http://?PT1RZHFKVVp2VW1NdFIxVlJCMVRhZEdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYXcxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWjJkYWxHV3hORWJxZDJaMGdITXVWbldKWlRhbVptYzJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSSFJhZFhlakptUjVSMmRzVldNeWxFWnBsV1F3Qm5VcndtVTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Film Drama
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1Nd1IxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYTIxV1NsNTBSaWxYWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJ3ZDJaMGdITXU5bVdKWlRhbVoyYjJJRU91WkZOejUwWnVSSFR6ZzJZVEpuVlhabmRWUmpkSE5uU25aVlN2a21SUjVXVm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Spike
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhNUdWQ04yUmk5V2VKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaWRXWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWJuZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVpXZDJJRU91WkZOMzUwWnVSSGNHTkhVaUZFVWp0eWJ2Z1dNM1IyS29sR08xSm5SVmhYWm4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Axn Black
http://?PT1nY3FKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhMUdWQ04yUmk5MmFKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWkdjYWxHV3hORWJ0ZDJaMGdITXVabldKWlRhbVoyYTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSWFlYQjNNQnQyVENkVmFTWldPMkIzVDVsVmF2QlZkdkJIUkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Hollywood HD
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NelIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5MmNKSkRSSDlHYXgxV1NsNTBSaWRYWTBoVlJuWldlYWxHV3hORWI2ZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOdTUwWnVSWFVRdFdPM2tYVVFka2RWUlZkeFYxWXpObFYxVTJZVU5uZTMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", BBC One
http://?PT1nZHFKVVp2VW1NM1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5R2VKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaXBYWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJzZDJaMGdITXVGbldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZONDUwWnVSM1FtMW1SdjVFYWlGSGFQRlhldlkxYjMxR2RodENUNVpYVDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Ren Tv
http://?PT13Y3FKVVp2VW1NMVIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2FKSkRSSDlHYTAxV1NsNTBSaUpYWTBoVlJuWm1jYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVoyYzJJRU91WkZOeTUwWnVSM1ZWWjNWMDhTT3hJVGN1cFZST1ZuVzY1MFZ6eFVUTGxuUVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Viasat Sport
http://?PT1nZXFKVVp2VW1NMFIxVlJCMVRhVkhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJvZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVptZDJJRU91WkZOMjUwWnVSblMzVlhVRGRWVFBOWGFrVm1UdmduUzB4bVNyRjBVMmNHYkIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Viasat Nature (dual language)
http://?PT1RZXFKVVp2VW1NdlIxVlJCMVRhZEhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWjJiYWxHV3hORWIyZDJaMGdITXVkbVdKWlRhbVpXZTJJRU91WkZOdDUwWnVSM05IbEhickptYTBKemRNQjFkbVJWZTBaRWVLUkVXc3AyTDMxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Viasat Explore (dual language)
http://?PT13YnFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhRkhWQ04yUmk5bWNKSkRSSDlHYTYxV1NsNTBSaTVXWTBoVlJuWkdlYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOcjUwWnVSWFZPcDJRcFZVVGE1MGNYeDJkaVYzU285MlRNRm1lazlXVW4xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Viasat History (dual language)
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NeVIxVlJCMVRhSkhWQ04yUmk5V2RKSkRSSDlHYXExV1NsNTBSaUZYWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ2ZDJaMGdITXVObldKWlRhbVoyWjJJRU91WkZOczUwWnVSSGFTZFdTSlpUV0pkRmRDTkZNU2wwVXlCblNxZG1Ra0JYZVIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cinema 1
http://?PT1RYnFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhWkhWQ04yUmk5R2NKSkRSSDlHYTQxV1NsNTBSaTlXWTBoVlJuWm1kYWxHV3hORWJ6ZDJaMGdITXVwbVdKWlRhbVpHZDJJRU91WkZONjUwWnVSSFVDdG1NMFYyVlJwRWR6RVRVMFJGVXZaVVlOTkRlS3BHTlIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Cinema 2
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1Nb1IxVlJCMVRhcEdWQ04yUmk5V2FKSkRSSDlHYXYxV1NsNTBSaXRXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWIzZDJaMGdITXVCbldKWlRhbVptYTJJRU91WkZOdjUwWnVSM1I1cEhNd1ZqYW5aMmRQUkhjemdUY3VWME4zRlZiYXhHU24xVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", California Music Channel TV
http://?PT13WnFKVVp2VW1NdVIxVlJCMVRhaEdWQ04yUmk5R2RKSkRSSDlHYXMxV1NsNTBSaVJYWTBoVlJuWjJhYWxHV3hORWJ1ZDJaMGdITXVobldKWlRhbVoyZDJJRU91WkZOeDUwWnVSWGNYTm5XalZtYnlObGNHeG1ld0FEWjNWVVcxaEdXT3QyZFIxVFA=
#EXTINF: -1 tvg-logo="null" group-title="Others", Australia Channel
http://?PT1BYXFKVVp2VW1NNVIxVlJCMVRhOUdWQ04yUmk5bWVKSkRSSDlHYXUxV1NsNTBSaXBXWTBoVlJuWm1hYWxHV3hORWJ5ZDJaMGdITXVKbldKWlRhbVpHZTJJRU91WkZONTUwWnVSSGN1cDNNVlIxVHRsbmV4aFhSWVJrZXF0a1l2RmtNelUzZG4xVFA=
